 to slide and then maybe change the messaging a bit. And then also say like if you're at the university that does research you know and you start playing around with the free cloud and then you realize you don't have enough resources because you want to test something at scales, just reach out to the people from this or KUFA research program such they can give a kind of a research grant to this university. Or typically to a specific institute or professor. Ah there. Okay, anything else you want to present? Are you unsure whether you're presenting it the right way or is like everything else clear? I think it's beautiful now. Great, okay. This is this embeddable thing. Yes. So, what? The embeddable thing, yeah, the embeddable story is the following, right? You can build a Graldi and native image, right, as you know. So, there's two ways of a native image. Either it's a native executable, right? Something like an Xify, if it's on the windows that you can execute, or a native executable on Linux that you can just run, right? Or you can actually use native image to build native libraries, right? And that's what we do in MLD. We use Grald VM native image to build a shared library called libml.so. And you can then embed this, right, into your code database, right? You can make it part of your code database. And you can embed it because you are able to produce native code. That's what you need for embeddability. Okay. So, if you want to embed something in any platform, you need this native image feature to create native code for that specific platform, right? If you don't have that, you need a JVM, right? Yeah. And while there are JVMs for many different platforms available, not each and every platform might actually be covered by a JVM, right? And the reason why we have Oracle Database here is basically, well, MLD, you could say, is the embedding of problem into the Oracle database. But I guess what we also mean here is Oracle Database has this thing called the VOS layer, right? The virtual operating system layer, which actually abstracts a way the underlying operating system to do and allows Oracle to run on many problems, right? Mm-hmm. So, basically, you have VOS as a platform, right? And Graldin is embeddable, which really means you can even define your own platform, right? You can implement your own platform as a target for native image, right? Okay. Basically, for the native image runtime. And that's the whole story here. But maybe, you know, I usually just cut this short by saying, like, yeah, the embedding of Graldim in the Oracle Database, this is what MLD is, but you can also embed, you can also kind of embed, Graldim into Node, right? Or you can run Graldim standalone. Graldim applications as native executables standalone, right? That's what I would say, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Make sense? Yes, yes. Please. And then I think it's all good. Talking to the context about the thing, so. Oh, yeah. Okay. And then it's okay. Okay. Yeah, what he said here was also good. So. So I think I wish this slides with Julia and Iman, so they asked for it. Mm-hmm. That's good. Yeah. All right. I think we can call it a day. You shared with Julia and Iman if needed. Yeah, I don't know whether they need it or whether you will present. And I think you will present in the office, right? That's at the office tomorrow. That's the idea from what I understood. Yeah, yes. Okay. Cool. So yes, good luck with that. Let me know how it went. I'm curious to hear. And if they have questions, right? It's always also interesting what the questions that people ask. So if you have time to quickly round down the questions when done, that would be great to do. Okay. Cool. Oh, wow. Great. Then take care. Have a nice rest of the day and see you soon. Yeah, thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Push me come back. Push me come back. Oh, it's a Christian call. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay Up. Got. Thank you.